Adding docs for `proxy_protocol_allow_downgrade` (#53887)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/management/security/proxy-protocol.mdx

   from the same IP address from Teleport's point of view, compromising the
   Teleport audit log and IP pinning feature.

1. If you need to connect from an IPv6-only network to an IPv4-only network, you
   can downgrade the source address by enabling `proxy_protocol_allow_downgrade`.
   IP pinning is not allowed for downgraded connections due to the possibility of
   colliding source addresses.

> <Admonition type="warning">

Reviewer: Let's move this admonition to where we explain the `proxy_protocol_allow_downgrade` field in more detail. Otherwise, these instructions are scattered throughout the page.

```yaml
proxy_service:
  proxy_protocol: on | off
  proxy_protocol_allow_downgrade: on | off
  # ...
auth_service:
  proxy_protocol: on | off
```

By default,  `proxy_protocol` is unspecified. Users can manually set
`proxy_protocol` to `on` or `off`:

> - "unspecified (default)": The associated Teleport service does not require the

Reviewer: If the config file doesn't accept the string value "unspecified", I would remove the quotes here. If the value is actually the string `"unspecified"`, I would use code style to make that clearer

- `off`: the PROXY protocol is disabled and forbidden. Any connection with a
  PROXY protocol header is automatically rejected.

The `PROXY` 

> If you need to facilitate connections from IPv6 networks into IPv4 networks without dualstack networking, you can enable `proxy_protocol_allow_downgrade`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to facilitate connections from IPv6 networks into IPv4 networks without dual-stack networking, you can enable `proxy_protocol_allow_downgrade`.
```
